 The lake is a long way from here. The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics. Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof. She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it. He told us a very exciting adventure story. She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us. If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds. I hear that Nancy is very pretty. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. She always speaks to him in a loud voice. Rock music approaches at high velocity. It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet. I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches. Is it free? The stranger officiates the meal. There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable. The memory we used to share is no longer coherent. She folded her handkerchief neatly. I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated. Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year. Sixty-Four comes asking for bread. Let me help you with your baggage. Hurry! Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either. Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English. Christmas is coming. She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it. The book is in front of the table. Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it? I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one. A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them. If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you? There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent This is a Japanese doll. The river stole the gods. Don't step on the broken glass. Tom got a small piece of pie. I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do. Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same. She was too short to see over the fence. She did her best to help him. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. She advised him to come back at once. Wow, does that work? Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard. A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt. I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older. I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why. He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway. I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert. We have a lot of rain in June. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight. When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly. We need to rent a room for our party. Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them. Where do random thoughts come from? The old apple revels in its authority. He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there. We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa. What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!? Please wait outside of the house. Mary plays the piano. The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other. She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels. How was the math test? I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.